[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Ladies and
gentlemen, Namaste.
Namaste.
My name is Megha and I
am from India in case
it's not clear already.
And I create magic.
Now, you might wonder,
wow, that's a gutsy thing
to come and say.
That's a daring thing to
come on stage and say.
She creates magic.
Who the hell is she?
It wasn't always like this.
In fact, just this
morning, I have woken up
and cried my eyes out.
I did.
And not because I was
going to come on stage,
but because last night, I had
a severe case of hypoglycemia.
And hypoglycemia is basically
an attack of low blood glucose.
And that was scary, and I
like, "What am I doing here?
Why am I here?
Why did I get that attack?"
And I started playing
victim in my head.
Let me flash back.
Like Katie said, I am a
holistic biohacker from India,
but I'm an actor as well, so I
will use words like "flashback"
and "cut" and "action."
So seven years ago,
I lost my father.
It was way overnight.
He was with us.
He was eating, drinking, being
with us in the swimming pool.
He went out for
dinner with friends.
And by night, he vomited
blood and he was gone.
Needless to say, that came as
a very, very rude shock to us
as a family.
And just when we had finished
his rituals four months later,
my mother got diagnosed
with breast cancer Stage II.
My parents were and are
my favorite love story.
And I feel in her case, the
pain manifested in her chest
and led to breast
cancer stage II.
That, combined with a very
difficult marriage, which
maybe some of you
relate to, I don't know,
was a cocktail for or
a recipe for disaster.
My pancreas gave up on
me handling everything.
It affected my solar plexus.
And the day the doctor gave
my mother a green signal
that she was cancer-free is the
day she looked at me and said,
you're diabetic.
Nobody-- I kid you not.
Nobody from my mother's
side, about 50 people,
or from my father's side, about
50 people again, is diabetic.
I do not blame it on my
genes or my lifestyle.
I was always into a
healthy lifestyle,
whatever that was
for me at that point.
So it wasn't because
I was obese or unfit
or because of lifestyle choices.
It was chronic stress.
And that was scary.
I do not know so many
things that I know now.
I decided to leave Mumbai,
a prominent city in India,
and all the hustle, bustle
of it, and move to Goa,
and change my lifestyle,
got into biohacking.
And I now know things
that I did not know then.
I wish someone had
come and told me
what I'm going to tell you now.
I heard a lot of podcasts, did
a lot of conferences, retreats,
books, and I've come up
with this protocol, which
I'm going to share with you
so that you busy people don't
have to do the work that I did.
Earthing, your
connection with the soil.
When you're connected
with the soil,
you're connected with
yourself, with others,
and it's very healing.
Journaling.
I cannot insist on the
benefits of journaling enough.
When you put it on paper,
you release it and you
let the power of your words,
your thoughts, just go away.
It's also magical because the
minute you put it on paper,
it manifests and your
intentions come true.
There's absolutely no force
on this planet that cannot--
that will come in the
way of your manifestation
if you journal.
Intuition.
My God, we women have the
power of intuition, don't we?
We just don't use it enough.
We just don't believe in it.
We don't.
I see you smiling.
We just don't believe in it.
We're like, no,
that can't be true.
But trust your gut.
It is when God is
talking to you.
When you talk to
God, it's a prayer.
But when God talks to
you, that's intuition.
So trust your gut instinct.
One of my favorites,
forgiveness.
We find it so
difficult to forgive.
Why?
Forgive yourself for what
you could or couldn't do.
Forgive others for
what they did to you.
Ask for forgiveness from others.
Release yourself.
Holding on to grudges is like
drinking poison and thinking
the other person
is going to suffer.
It doesn't work.
Intuition, journaling, thoughts.
Your thoughts.
Your thoughts are seeds.
Your mitochondria is
listening to everything.
I'll tell you something.
When I got diagnosed
with type I diabetes,
I had this pain in my right
palm, on the end of my fingers,
at the nerve endings,
and I couldn't
understand why it was happening
only in my right hand.
Why only the right hand?
For days, I would
wake up in the middle
of the night with so much
pain in my right hand.
I couldn't understand.
Why right?
I kept asking myself.
Many days later, it came to me--
I have actually never
appreciated my right hand.
I just thought it was like
pudgy, a little more fatter, not
beautiful like my left hand.
And yeah, it really happened.
I just thought they
were like pudgy fingers.
And I was like,
damn, I am so sorry.
In my mind, I'm like, I'm so
sorry I thought like that,
that I thought you were pudgy.
And you're my
gateway to the world.
You're what I sign with.
You're what I shake hands with.
You're what I wave with.
And I'm so sorry for
thinking like that.
I'm so sorry I did that to you.
I'm so happy to report that the
pain stopped the very next day.
The power of thought is
so strong it can heal you.
So please, be very mindful of
the thoughts that you're having.
Your whole body is
listening to it.
Last but not least, be
so gentle with yourself.
Be so healthy to yourself.
It's so important.
Honor yourself.
Spend time with yourself.
I think you'll agree with
me, women on this planet
can do everything, right?
Women on this planet
can do everything,
but just not for everybody.
So hold that thought.
Keep that in your mind.
There's only so
much time I have.
And India is a vast country.
There's so many
healing modalities,
but I can't bring
them here to you.
So I hope this helps.
And thank you very much.
Namaste
[APPLAUSE]